THIS FILM CONTAINS SEQUENCES
THAT MAY HAVE AN EFFECT
ON VIEWERS
WHO ARE SUSCEPTIBLE
TO PHOTOSENSITIVE EPILEPSY
OR OTHER
PHOTOSENSITIVE DISEASES.
Wow. whow. whow. whow. Are you okay?
Hey! Wait. wait!
Are you okay? Are you okay?
Hey. hey. wait!
Hey. hey. come here.
have some water!
She needs to get out of here!
Marie. come on. let's go outside!
Come. come.
Still nothing?
No.
Be patient a little longer.
Come closer.
you're too far away!
And why should I come closer?
Well. so I can have a drag. too!
Okay. there you go!
Great. thank you very much!
Hold the camera a little lower!
Is it that good?
And so?
Even lower?
Yes.
Shit!
I can't believe it...
What a load of crap!
ANDREA 00:28
THE POWER JUST CUT OUT
PAU 00:28 HOW DID THAT HAPPEN?
ANDREA 00:28 NO IDEA
PAU 00:28
Then just think about me!
ANDREA 00:28 I MISS YOU SO MUCH
PAU 00:29 I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
IT HURTS
ANDREA 00:29
GOOD MORNING. MY SWEETHEART
PAU 00:29
SLEEP WELL. MY SWEETHEART
ANDREA 11:26 ARE YOU STILL SLEEPING??
I'M BORED
Hey. Andrea.
Keep your eyes forward!
Sorry. it won't happen again!
You can make it up to me at the party
tonight!
I have a date with Pau.
Listen. darling.
we hardly see you anymore!
You're such a bitch!
Hello!
Hello!!
ANDREA 20:01 I'M WAITING FOR YOU
ANDREA 20:05 WHERE ARE YOU?
PAU 20:05 Hey. sweetie.
I'm still here
at a party in Sydney.
PAU 20:05
WANT TO TALK TOMORROW?
Hey. listen to me.
I really love you more than anything!
No matter what you do.
It's okay.
Just don't fuck me. I'll kiss you!
PAU 20:06 WHO'S WITH YOU?
ANDREA 20:06 NO ONE.
PAU 20:06 THERE'S SOMEONE
ANDREA 20:06 THERE'S NO ONE HERE
PAU 20:06 WATCH YOUR VIDEO
Hey. listen to me.
I really love you more than anything!
No matter what you do.
That's okay.
Just don't fuck.
ANDREA 20:06 THERE'S NOOOOOOOBODY HERE
PAU 20:06 THE END
This is really annoying!
Hey. listen to me.
I really love you more than anything!
No matter what you do.
It's okay.
Just don't fuck me. I'll kiss you!
ANDREA 20:07 IT'S MY FATHER
PAU 20:07 THAT'S NOT YOUR FATHER
Yes. I'm quite sure
she'll understand.
We need to talk to her!
Okay. but we have to approach this carefully!
Were you in my room earlier?
Yes. I had a quick look.
This arrived.
BIRTH CERTIFICATE
...GAVE THE NAME ANDREA.
I got my name from my mother!
And we respected that.
I was born in Buenos Aires!
Yes. that's where we picked you up from.
Why. what does it say?
It says La Plata!
Well. we went to Buenos Aires
and they were expecting us at the hospital there.
And then a baby was handed over to us there.
That was you!
Who did this?
It was a woman. a nurse.
And my mother. where was she?
We already told you. Andrea!
We were told
that she didn't want to meet us.
She had specifically requested it.
She also wanted you to be
adopted from another country.
far away from Argentina!
It's not easy
to explain that to a little girl!
What did you expect?
If my uncle hadn't
let it slip out at Christmas.
you would never have told me!
We wanted to wait
until you were old enough.
Until I'm forty. right?!
We only meant well!
DEATH CERTIFICATE
What's going on?
It says here
that my mother died...
Just a month ago!
- I'm sorry. Can I see it?
- No!
You could have said that before!
MARIE MONTAND LA PLATA
DIED ON DECEMBER 12. 2021
BODY OF A WOMAN FOUND IN AN APARTMENT
IN LA PLATA
...SHE WAS CONVICTED OF MURDER.
MARIE MONTAND MURDERS IN LA PLATA
YOUNG FRENCH WOMAN KILLS
STUDENT IN LA PLATA
THE TWO YOUNG WOMEN WERE IN THE
HOUSE OF 22-YEAR-OLD CAMILA SEOANA.
WHEN THE MURDER OCCURRED.
THE VICTIM'S PARENTS ENTERED THEIR DAUGHTER'S ROOM
AND FOUND HER DEAD.
ANDREA 20:20 CALL ME
NO. 240. CALLE 8. LA PLATA
Her name was Marie. she was French.
She was 26 at the time.
Perhaps her family had to
move to Argentina
For professional reasons.
Yes. maybe.
Did you find anything else?
Hey. did you find anything else?
- Pau!
- What's going on?
She killed a girl.
When she was my age!
- What are you saying?!
- Yes!
And twenty years
later. she's released
and found dead in the same house
where she was arrested.
Shit. honey!
And your parents?
What do they say?
Nothing. I don't know.
I hardly speak to either of them.
I'm so annoyed
that I can't be with you!
Yeah. me too!
Then come to me!
You'll be back soon.
It doesn't matter!
I'm here now.
Okay. but please call me later!
- Sleep well. sweetheart.
- And have a good morning!
MOVE PICTURE TO TRASH?
...just don't fuck.
PAU'S CALL
PAU 17:10 YOU HAVE TO COME TO SIDNEY
ANDREA 17:11 I'M STUDYING ATM. NO. I'LL CALL YOU LATER
CALL MOM
PAU 17:11 I'LL GET YOU A TICKET
ANDREA 17:11 WE'LL TALK ABOUT IT LATER
PAU 17:11
I'LL BUY IT NOW
There was nothing there. Pau!
Not in the store.
Not in the street. nowhere!
That can't be.
that just can't be!
Please. go over it again!
Yes. I know. that's kind of weird!
I don't get it.
What the hell is going on here?!
Whatever. give me your passport number now!
Please!
No. Pau. I said no!
My exams are coming up!
What kind of nonsense is this now?!
Exams?
Do you realize what's going on with you?
It doesn't matter.
I'll come to Madrid if I have to!
I miss you so much. sweetheart.
And I love you.
Do you understand?
I love you too!
Okay. listen for a minute.
you could be here on Saturday!
That would be the day after tomorrow.
What do you say?
Good. Good. I'll give you the number!
So. was that so difficult?
Andrea. hard as nails!
Okay. just a minute.
Is that Tom?
No. he just left.
- Now give me your number!
- but I can see him!
No. honey.
seriously. there's nobody there!
- Yes.
- Maybe you did.
Yes. there in the doorway. I can see him!
- Turn around!
- Shit. what do you mean?
Pau! Pau. Pau. Pau.
you have to get out of there immediately!
Hey. what are you doing in here?
God. no. Pau!
No. no. my God!
Sweetheart. tell me where you are!
Please tell me where you are.
I can't see you anymore!
Please. please. show yourself!
Please. show yourself!
Please. I need help here!
Please. you have to help me!
You have to help me here now!
Absolutely not! Our phone calls
are being recorded.
The police said they weren't.
Why would they lie to us?
- A bit naive. aren't you?!
- Please. that's enough!
It was that man again!
And how would he know where Pau is?
It was him!
It's an old man.
Pau couldn't see him.
But I could.
I saw him on the screen!
The police say.
I'm still in shock.
But I swear. it's true!
And now I'm so scared!
I'm scared
that he's here right now...
And that he's sitting with us!
What are you doing?
I want to know if he's here.
Sweetie. no one's here!
We can't see him.
But he's here!
Okay. I don't get what's going on here.
Relax. calm down
we'll get through this!
Were you able to get some sleep?
No.
I can feel him here!
Andrea. there's no one here!
You're scaring me!
If you don't believe me.
Then why are you afraid?
ANDREA 07:35 I DREAMED
THAT YOU WERE SLEEPING WITH ME
Andrea?
Sweetheart. you have to get up soon!
Come on.
Get in the shower!
Come on!
Yes.
- It'll be okay!
- I can't!
Yes. you've got it!
Now come on up. okay?
It's been two months now!
- No. it's still here!
- Mom. please!
- I need it. I need my cell phone!
- There's no one here!
- I'm begging you!
- Now listen for a second. okay?
I'm begging you!
Come on!
You don't understand.
I can't even imagine
what you're going through right now. sweetheart!
Losing someone like that.
That's so awful!
But you still have
your whole life ahead of you.
Yes. with lots of projects
and your friends...
You have to
find your way back to a normal life.
And look to the future!
A friend of mine knows someone
at the French Embassy
and they've
contacted your mother's family.
It's possible that she might have
another sister in Brussels.
Andrea!
Have you told me everything
about your trip to Argentina?
Were you able to find anything out about
my mother?
Well. the person we were with
told us that Marie...
...suffered from some kind of disorder.
What was wrong with her?
Mom!
I think she was mentally ill.
I'm really sorry. but
I really don't know any more!
Shouldn't we try to
reach your aunt in Brussels?
Finally. we're moving on!
Andrea. Is everything okay?
Has something happened? Just tell me!
Do you want to go?
Everything's going to shit right now.
This can't go on!
Come on. come here.
We've really missed you!
You have to help me now!
Of course. Whatever it is!
Well. we could always start with vodka!
Yes. exactly!
Yes. of course!
What is it?
What is this?
That's weird.
Do you know what this is?
It's gone!
Andrea. what the fuck is going on here?!
Nothing!
I'll be right back.
Andrea!
What are you doing?
Shouldn't we help you?
I want to take a quick look at something.
- What?
- I'm not entirely sure.
Really?!
I'm just going upstairs for a minute.
What the fuck do you want up there?
I kind of know this house.
but it doesn't make sense.
And where do you think you know it from?
From Argentina.
What are you up to?
Andrea. who lives here?!
Nobody!
Didn't you say
that nobody lives here?
I just want to be sure!
I think we should go now!
Wait for me here.
God. I hate you!
You can't see anything here!
Where are you going?!
Andrea. come here!
Don't go!
There's someone there!
Where?
- Up ahead!
- Please. let's go now!
I can't see anything!
It's him! Run!
- God. we have to get out of here!
- Hurry. hurry!
- Help!
- Andrea. Andrea...
Hello. is anyone there... Andrea?
I want out. I want out of here!
Andrea!
Andrea. open the door! Andrea...
Open the door!
Andrea!
Open the door. please! Andrea!
What happened in there?
When?
The night of the party.
What happened there?
Nothing happened in there!
You've been different since then. I swear.
You're just making shit up!
Yeah. maybe I am.
And you've got a bad Memory.
Why? Should I remember something?
You should
remember the rules again.
Fuck the rules!
Then everything will go to shit!
All right...
Who wants to go first?
In my opinion. it wasn't bad.
I actually thought it was pretty good.
So. you thought it wasn't bad.
What did you like?
Well. the story! Yes!
The story really wasn't bad
and besides. there were also
Some interesting shots.
And it was the right runtime. too.
Yeah. you're not wrong there!
For two people who are
Just talking to each other in bed. that was
pretty good pacing. I'd say.
Anyone else?
Yes. and then there was
the theme of the femme fatale.
Okay. And how exactly?
Well. I think it's clear that Cami
is trying to say something else with this.
Okay. and what is she trying to tell us?
I dunno.
because she's much smarter than me.
I'd have to watch it again for that.
Would you like
to add anything else to that. Camila?
No. Nothing.
Cami.
Camila!
So. what do you think?
Well. Pretty good.
That short wasn't good.
And you know that!
The script was bad
and so were the settings.
We didn't even know
Where the story was set. Where was it?
In Massachusetts?
Well. it definitely wasn't La Plata!
Do you have any ideas
for your next work?
Yes. some ideas.
but nothing fixed in stone.
Don't make it too difficult for yourself.
Go to the prop room.
grab a camera
and find something from the real world!
There's still a little time
before the next class.
Shall we go to my office?
We can go over your ideas there?
Sorry. I can't.
OK.
Excuse me!
Can you let me out?
Cami. are you having dinner with us this evening?
No. I've got stuff on.
Lisbeth. Lisbeth?!
Hello?
Hello!
Who's here?
ABORTION IS CRIMINAL
DIRECTED BY
CAMILA SEOANE
Open the curtains.
Good.
Who wants to start?
Anybody?
Cami. did the girl know
that you were filming her?
I think she did.
Okay. What we saw was fiction.
And not a documentary. right?
Well. it was kind of
strange and scary at the same time.
I liked it!
You don't usually see things like that.
I see. the guardian angel again!
Anyone else?
Who wants to go next?
- I'd love to!
- Please.
I think today's task...
I'm sorry.
Don't you want to say something about it?!
There's not much to say!
If you want to talk about it.
then come by my office!
I don't want to come to your office.
I'm sure you liked it.
I want your opinion!
That was
your most amateurish short film ever.
You broke all the rules.
Maybe you were going for something avant-garde.
but it just didn't work!
Just like these out-of-focus
shots don't work.
And the editing doesn't add anything either!
I didn't understand any of the content.
because it just didn't appeal to me!
If you ask me. it was
exhibitionist and shallow!
Anything else?
No. thank you very much.
Okay. now you're on!
My task was to make a film
from the perspective of dislike.
Hey. Cami!
Did Cuevas feel alright about it?
No. why?
How did you
find this actress?
She's a friend.
I'd like to work with her too.
She's really good!
She doesn't like working with people
she doesn't know.
Could you put us in touch?
She's back in France right now.
Maybe when she gets back.
Don't get upset. he's just a fucking fascist.
Want to have a drink?
My treat!
No. not today.
Okay. so. you''d rather be alone. crying
and watching Polish films?
Wait!
You really liked my film?
No.
Where are you?
Hey. sweetie. I have the feeling
you're not recording anything at all!
You could film me. right?!
You can't be
serious! Think about it!
What's going on?
It doesn't matter.
- Hey!
- What?!
What was that all about?
What the fuck was that all about?!
What the fuck are you talking about?!
You know exactly what I mean!
Unbelievable!
I have no idea what you're talking about!
What's going on?
Then you'd better think about it again.
That's fucked up! I think
you've really lost it!
Could you maybe
talk to me normally for once?!
You know what?
It'd be better if you just left me the fuck alone!
I'm also here
because I have a friend
who wants to
Get into acting.
I don't know
if I really like him.
But I'd also like to
do something with a couple. you know?
- For example. with...
- My girlfriend.
the actress from the movie.
- Yes.
- She's back.
I can give you her number.
You know
that I've already met her. don't you?
No.
Yes. at "Blast."
- Where?
- At "Blast." the club!
Cami. you need to get out more.
You'll never be a good director
if you're always stuck at home!
Is that a bar?
More like a club with a big bar attached.
People just want to dance
and party!
Yeah. I think I saw something about that
in a post.
Yeah. you should come along sometime.
- Yeah. should I?
- Yeah. we can still go.
Sounds good. Is Marie coming too?
What's up?
You Jealous?
Maybe.
Man. you really could have warned me
that that chick was fucking crazy!
Were you at her house?
Was there an old man there. too?
No. we were alone.
Are you sure?
She told me
that acting
isn't that important to her...
I also asked her about your film.
She hadn't heard of it.
That's weird.
Don't worry.
I didn't say anything.
About what?
That you filmed her.
without her knowing.
Why the fuck would you tell her that?!
She was probably drunk.
And she wosn't remember anything anyway.
She was really into her beer.
Yeah. and vodka.
marijuana and pills. of course.
- Did you keep a list?
- No. those guys!
Those guys!
Looks like she fucked half of La Plata.
Yeah. and you fucked the other half!
That's nice!
But enough about her for now.
How are you doing?
Yeah. same old same old. And you?
Same.
- No!
- Why. what is it?
Why? What's going on?
Okay. but then why are you here?
Are you into me or not?
No!
Hey!
How are you doing?
I know you.
No. I don't think you do!
Yeah. I think I do.
No. What?
No. please not again!
So what do you do. Camila?
I'm studying film.
You want to be an actress?
No. A director.
And are you any good?
I could be something.
but I still have a long way to go.
I just met a guy
who also studies film.
He's tall and very cute.
He has pretty short hair.are.
Do you know him?
No.
Better you don't! He was kind of an idiot too!
And what do you do?
Nothing at the moment!
Are you thinking about moving here?
No!
No? You probably watch this
a lot. right?
I don't know.
I don't have a good feeling.
Tell me.
has it ever crossed your mind
to sneak into an empty house
where no one will find you?
Have you got a boyfriend?
No. thank fuck. no!
But that wouldn't be so bad. would it?
And you?
No.
But I would tell you.
Especially if he were an idiot!
Would you like to tell me something?
No. um.
So. what do we want to do tomorrow?
You could
maybe show me a new club.
One that's new to me!
We could also go to the movies
Sounds good!
And your parents. where are they?
China. Chile. Cyprus.
My...
My father is a complete fucking idiot!
He's an idiot.
And I couldn't give a shit about him!
No!
Please don't go!
There's a T-shirt over there.
Camila?
What?
I feel like I'm
slowly going crazy.
No. don't say that.
But it's true.
Because we're cursed.
What are you saying?
I'll look after you.
PREGNANCY TEST
Hi.
Hio.
I'm a friend of Marie's.
Can you tell me where she is?
She was supposed to be back soon.
Lisbeth.
Go play in the garden for a bit.
Get dressed!
Yes. sorry.
Did she say where she wanted to go?
No.
She was supposed to take care of
her sister today.
But. once again. she's skipping it!
You know. Marie
loves her sister very much!
How is she doing?
I think she's doing pretty well.
Marie needs help!
I think I can help!
I mean professional help!
What do you think is wrong with her?
I'm afraid she's going the same way as her mother..
And what's with her mother?
She always avoids the subject!
That's private.
Family matter.
Okay. if you see her. please tell her
that I'm taking care of Lisbeth.
It's best not to tell her anything!
You can find your own way out?
- Hey!
- Hi!
- D'you have a moment?
- Why. what happened?
Nothing! You wanted to go to the movies!
What. nothing?!
- Come on. let's watch a movie!
- Come on. tell me. who was that?!
- I dunno.
- Of course you do!
What's going on. who is that guy. please?
No. not a guy!
No. No. no. no!
Camila. please wait! I beg you!
Camila. stop!
Is Adolfo the father?
Or the old man?
How on earth do you know about that?
Please. don't let it be the old man!
Which old man are you talking about?
The one who's always with you!
What on earth are you talking about?
Come on!
This way.
Cami!
We're in my room!
Hey. what's that?
You old pisshead!
Tell me. what's that all about?!
- Wait! Please. please wait a second!
- That's disgusting! Turn that off!
- Please. just a second. Just a sec.
- Turn that off!
It's him. isn't it?
Did he do something?
I don't know.
We're going to the police! Come on. come on!
I was alone!
Me. No one was there!
Hello. are you Cami's friend?
Are you okay?
What's going on? Let me see!
What's going on?
Tell me what happened!
Excuse me. I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry.
- Now tell me. what did you do?
Hey. hey! What happened?
What's going on?!
Is it here yet?
No. it's a lot further ahead.
That way!
Hello?
Lisbeth. it's me!
- Is something wrong?
- No. I'm fine.
I need to tell you something.
You have to listen to me now. okay?
Yeah. course.
You have to really watch your back from now on!
Do you understand?
Give me the phone
and go to your room.
Marie. where are you?
Dad!
- Sweetheart. listen. I...
- Dad. I have to tell you something.
Sweetie. I want
you to come home right now!
Daddy. I have to tell you something!
It's really hard. so please listen!
You have to listen to me now!
They say you killed
a girl. your girlfriend!
I don't understand any of this!
- Tell me what happened!
- It wasn't me!
But the police say they
found your bag in her room!
It wasn't me. it was him!
What are you saying? Who? Who. Marie?
I don't know who he is!
Christ. you're really scaring me!
Do you understand?!
Please. tell me where you are now
and I'll come and get you right away!
Yeah. I'll tell you.
But you have to listen to me. okay?!
OK. OK.
So. tell me!
It's a man. an old man!
And you can only see him on film!
Marie. please. what are you on about?
Yes. I know. but he's always with me.
And he was with Mom too!
Listen. Mom died because of him.
He came to me after Mom died!
- That's how it happened!
- What do you mean?
Marie. which man?
I don't know.
But he's the reason Mom died.
Sweetie. listen. you're in shock!
Come home
and then we can go overall this calmly!
Mom left because she
wanted to protect us!
No. Marie! Your mother
killed herself!
- No!
- She wasn't well!
She left home
and took her own life!
- Please don't say that!
- Listen. I just can't take this anymore!
- I can't take this anymore!
- Dad!
Dad. you can
think whatever you want about me.
but you have to promise me
that you'll look after Lisbeth. okay?!
- What?
- Do you hear? He can't hurt her!
Your sister will never turn out like you!
No. No!
I want to talk to her!
No. you can't!
Yes. please! I want to talk to her!
Please. leave her the fuck alone!
Did you hear me?!
I'll call again.
And then I'll explain everything to you!
No. come home now. Marie!
You need urgent help!
So. please. just come home now!
Please look after Lisbeth. okay?!
- Tell me where you are now!
- You've to take care of her!
Marie. don't hang up now!
- Marie. please don't hang up now!
- See you soon. Dad.
Mom. Mom!
No. no. no.
No. I want out of here!
No. No. no. no! No!
No. Let me go. No!
Open the door! Come on. open it now!
Come on. open the door now! Come on.
Open it!
- There she is!
- Mom. I'll get you out of there!
Wait. I'm coming!
Drop that! Come on!
- No. no. no!
Calm down!
- No. no!
- Calm down. calm down!
- No.
- Come on. get in the car!
All right. all right! Get her in there!
- Come on. Get her in there!
- No.
- Come on!
- Mom.
No. no.
Hello Lisbeth. this is Mercedes.
I'm calling to tell you
that Sara is finally coming.
She's a friend of Andrea's.
She was with her when she died.
And she'd like to come to talk to you.
Thank you again
for letting us meet you.
I really think
this is important to understand
what happened to your sister
and my daughter.
Because when Andrea told us back then.
We just couldn't believe her.
But now we've realized
that it's all true.
I hope this helps us all.
So. Lisbeth. how are you?
Actually. I'm fine. but I'm worried.
Yes. of course. I can understand that.
With everything you've
had to go through so far.
But believe me. everything will
be better soon. I promise.
I'm absolutely sure.
I think the same thing is
happening to me right now.
You too?
Don't worry.
We're here!
LISBETH BRUSSELS. 2023